# Humanoids 2022
A repository for reporducing results of Humanoids 2022 paper. 

> **Abstract:** Successful and efficient teamwork requires knowledge of the individual team members’ expertise. Such knowledge is typically acquired in social interaction and forms the basis for socially intelligent, partner-adapted behavior. This study aims to implement this ability in teams of multiple humanoid robots. To this end, a humanoid robot, Nao, interacted with three Pepper robots to perform a sequential audio-visual pattern recall task that required integrating multimodal information. Nao outsourced its decisions (i.e., action selections) to its robot partners to perform the task efficiently in terms of neural computational cost by applying reinforcement learning. During the interaction, Nao learned its partners’ specific expertise, which allowed Nao to turn for guidance to the partner who has the expertise corresponding to the current task state. The cognitive processing of Nao included a multimodal auto-associative memory that allowed the determination of the cost of perceptual processing (i.e., cognitive load) when processing audio-visual stimuli. In turn, the processing cost is converted into a reward signal by an internal reward generation module. In this setting, the learner robot Nao aims to minimize cognitive load by turning to the partner whose expertise corresponds to a given task state. Overall, the results indicate that the learner robot discovers the expertise of partners and exploits this information to execute its task with low neural computational cost or cognitive load.

## Folder and file descriptions
+ **Assets:** this folder contains various assets (e.g., memory patterns, inital states, noisy patterns) to run the experiment.
+ **Data:** this folder contains data collected during the experiments in .pkl format. Note that the figures in the paper and in **Figures** folder can be generated by using the .pkl files. 
+ **Figures:** this folder contains the figures in the paper and addtional figures for the data collected during the experiments.
+ **Scipts:** python scripts to generate the tables and figures can be found in the previous publication [ROMAN2022](https://github.com/muratkirtay/RoMAN2021) and [ADAPTIVE2019](https://github.com/muratkirtay/ADAPTIVE2019) repos were used.
+ **Versions.txt**: a list of (python) software packages with version numbers. Note that the Nao and Pepper robots' SDK requires to work with Python 2.7.
+ **Experiment video (Humanoids2022.mp4):** Due to its size, it can not uploaded to Github, yet you can access with this link: [https://box.hu-berlin.de/f/12907177cacd472cae50/](https://box.hu-berlin.de/f/12907177cacd472cae50/)

